The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
We never should have trusted him.
Elliot wouldn't do this.
You know it.
It seems Elliot Carter
was behind the spiking
and he's gone to ground.
Take some men off the search for
Luan. get out and find him.
Welcome back to London.
Elliot Carter will be taken care of.
Legalisation of all drugs.
The PM's been briefed on all of it.
You just need to sell it to him.
Mrs Wallace.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I knew Sean.
Where is he? I have him here.
Hello?
Inside. Tied up. like you asked.
Kill him.
Why did you kill my family?
I just did what I was paid to do.
They were both still alive
when I left.
He planted the coke.
There was someone else.
a woman. I think.
Get Danny. I'll come and get you.
take you somewhere safe.
Get in quick! Come or you're dead.
Where the hell are you?
And what happened with Elliot?
Where is he hiding?
I don't know where Elliot is.
Faz!
I killed Faz.
I'll be killing someone from every
single fucking gang
until Elliot is handed over to us.
First time pulling a gun on someone
is always the hardest.
Staring down the barrel.
holding another man's life
in your hands.
The most important thing.
Do not hesitate.
Trust me...
it's the difference
between life and death.
If you get a clean shot...
take it.
But you need to know...
that once you start on this path.
it's almost impossible to get off.
Stand there.
If anyone comes for you and your
mother. you need to be ready.
Especially if that person
is Elliot.
Slide your hand against
the back strap.
That's it. Supporting the front.
Good.
OK. Take aim.
Hold your breath.
Pull the trigger.
You've made your point.
but enough is enough.
Bloodshed is not the answer.
Isn't it?
I know someone in this city
is protecting Elliot.
Let me find them.
Leave us.
Thank you. Elliot was my mistake.
Let me fix this.
It was your mistake.
But I can't let you fix it.
Not this time.
Zeek.. I was expecting to hear
from you.
Where are you?
Took Shannon's advice.
Left town.
I know you let Elliot go.
Are you still helping him?
Tell me where he is
and you and I can make a deal.
I need to see Ed Dumani.
You won't get near him. Not now.
He ordered everyone to kill you
on site.
Asif Afridi...
he may be able to give you
the answers you're looking for.
Asif?
He works for the Dumanis.
How do you know that?
I've been working for him.
Doing what?
I'm the one who framed you.
Everyone in the city wants me dead
because of you.
He's got my son.
I've had no choice.
You have a son?
If I don't do what he says.
he's going to kill him.
Please.
Together we can get to Asif.
I get my baby. You get your answers.
Hey.
Henry. this concerns me.
I've been looking through
our list of potential suppliers.
and the one at the top of
the list is umbrellaed
by an investment firm in Pakistan
that's owned by Asif Afridi.
Is that right? I am trying...
to clean up this city and this.
well it puts us in bed
with a bunch of bloody gangsters.
The only thing that makes
them gangsters is the law
that you're about to change.
To legalise drugs.
you need suppliers.
That's not how this is
going to work.
Henry. I want a clean slate. right.
We create a legitimate
supply chain
and wipe out the gangs completely.
I'm taking them off the list.
Where the fuck is he?
I told you. I don't know.
OK.
Yeah.
Told you somebody'd fucking talk.
Hello. Ray.
Someone told me I could
get a gun here.
Jesus. how fucking old have you got?
Are you and the boys still playing?
You bet we still are.
You?
Not anymore.
Oh. that's a shame. you were good.
And your wife. man. Wow.
What a fucking voice.
Can't believe you're
still in this game.
Thought you and the boy was
planning to go legit.
I still am.
Yeah.
I'll believe that when I see it.
Is my discount still valid?
Shows up in here
in a fancy fucking suit.
300 quid shoes
and he ask for discount.
You cheeky fucking cunt.
Tell me about Zeek.
You vouched for him.
You told me I could trust him.
That meant a lot.
Yeah. well. he's a good kid.
I knew his mum.
Do you know where he is?
What's he done?
He was hired to take someone out.
Instead. I believe...
he's helping him.
Let me talk to him.
He listens to me.
Ray...
it's gone beyond that.
I need to find him.
He's young.
Do you know what it's like
when you're young?
You're still learning the trade.
I can fix this.
I won't tell anyone. I swear.
I don't understand.
This isn't good.
You assured us...
She will give us what we need.
Yeah. you have my word.
She'll come around.
She always does.
I hope you're right.
And what about
this other little problem?
Can we rely on Ed Dumani
to sort it out?
I've worked with Ed for years.
He won't let us down.
And Elliot will be dealt
with by tomorrow.
Good.
I'll see you soon.
Thank you for coming over. Henry.
No problem. old chum.
Sir.
Turn.
There are gunmen are all
over the building.
Asif let you out of here alive.
Fuck Asif. give me my baby.
Don't do this. Please.
You are no sort of mother.
Fuck you. You are a drug dealer.
a criminal.
With me. he will be safe
and he will be happy.
Don't.
Close those curtains.
You cannot give him
the love he needs.
You know you can't.
Maybe you're right.
But he's mine.
Sit down. hands under the table.
What do you want Elliot?
The truth.
About what?
Ed Dumani. Henry Amiel.
The spiked cocaine. What the fuck
you're trying to frame me?
Talk.
I see.
Working together.
You know. I'm a businessman.
and I find that there's
always a deal to be struck.
Not here to make a fucking deal.
OK.
But I can give you
the answers you're looking for.
I can tell you...
who killed your wife.
But she cannot walk
out of this house alive.
You know. my men will be here
any second.
Don't.
There's no way you're walking
out of here. unless we do this deal.
Don't listen to him.
Just fucking shoot him.
Elliot. trust me.
Don't you want to know
the truth about your wife?
Elliot.
Kill her.
I'll give you everything.
Elliot.
Fuck.
Fuck you.
Put the weapon down.
Get on the floor.
Down.
Fuck.
Don't move!
You drive.
I'm sorry.
Give me your phone.
Mum.
Zeuta.
The gate shouldn't have been open.
Here. take him.
You stay here.
I'll be right back.
Billy.
We've got him.
Well done.
Ay-ya-yay.
Heeeh.
Marian.
Elliot.
They found him.
Is he dead?
Marian. is he dead?
I've called a gang meeting tonight.
At the yard.
I want you there.
OK.
I'm on my way.
Perfect.
You're such a good boy.
They told me you tried
to hurt yourself again.
You can't keep doing that.
Promise me.
I won't be able to visit
for a while.
No. Something I erm...
I need to deal with.
Be back as soon as I can.
What have you done?
Don't fucking move.
Mrs Wallace.
Marian.
Is it true you got Elliot?
I need to see him.
Forgive me for the hurt
I caused you.
Please.
He killed my daughter.
Framed your son.
If tonight is about justice...
I want to be part of it.
We've both lost people we love.
Because of him.
I need to know why.
PM agreed.
I knew it.
I knew you could do this.
Tom. Emily. get in here now.
Hey. so listen.
He wants a full timeline.
Absolutely. Of course.
We got the green light.
Brilliant. Amazing.
PM wants the specifics on how
and when we can roll this out.
The road to legalisation-
VOICEMAIL: You have one new message.
I've just seen Henry Amiel
with Asif Afridi.
They're working with Ed Dumani.
the three of them. together.
I'm sure they're the ones behind
the spiking.
Just be careful. alright.
Push it over the line
with the public and with government.
Other key stuff like health. education.
Thank you for coming.
What are we waiting for?
He knows the consequences
of his actions.
Kill him. No.
Not yet.
We need answers. No.
You need justice.
Kill him.
Tonight I received this
with a note informing me
that the order to kill Sean. my son.
was sent to this phone.
And this is the number it came from.
No matter what happens now.
your father would be proud of you.
You're a Wallace.
A Wallace.
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm